it's great that we've had so much growth
like there's a big increase in subs
still not as much as we need 100 but
it's great and um
i would like to say um
thank you to all the people that watch
and the people that share the videos um
i wish i was still able to apply to all
the comments but there's just too many
comments nowadays um
i'm working really hard to grow the
channel um
that's why i've been doing the media
that i've been doing
i'm working on a book
basically at the moment i'm at the stage
now where i think we could we could
influence things
eventually but we need to grow we need
to grow so like i have to think about
what can we do to grow um so i'm working
on writing a book that's going to take a
while
um
but also at the same time we are seeing
we are starting to see
the
unfortunately terrible things that i
said were going to happen we're starting
to see them happen right um and it's
difficult to watch that especially like
when you've
been saying for like two years is going
to happen trying to get people to to pay
attention um
but
i think
it's good to see this voice is growing
um
i genuinely think if people understand
that this is being caused by the massive
increase of
the wealth of the rich and that is
fixable
we can have some pushback so um
yeah the growth is good but we need more
so um
keep watching keep sharing um
keep telling your friends i'm sorry i'm
not able to reply to all the messages i
just get too many that's not possible
for me to reply to all of them basically
um
and uh
yeah i'm
i'm having to focus on other things we
can do to grow which makes it difficult
to sort of balance making the videos and
also writing the book and also doing
media um but it's important so um
yeah i'll keep doing it and i'll keep
i'll keep trying
and um
yeah if we keep going at this rate then
you know eventually we'll be able to
have some influence hopefully so
so yeah we keep going
housing could be so much more affordable
wages could be so much higher and we
could have so many more options in how
we live our lives some of them put a lot
of money into paying economists and
think tanks to tell you that inequality
is important for the economy
that is not true
[Music]